1. Squad of 3(Aaron Fetcher, Travis Taylor, Maurice Tyrion, excludes Anderson) have intel of the whereabouts of the recently deceased General's daughter.
	INTRO
	TT - Is that all of it?
	AF - That's all the information HQ gave me, we're looking for a missing person?
	MT - Is HQ usually this vague with you fools?
	AF - Their info has led to peace for the last 20 years, we can only hope that they can keep up there streak
	TT - I hope so, The LYNK satellite will be one of the greatest accomplishments of the Aspiration military
	MT - Never cared for satellites, they're easy targets for terrorists, how do you want to do this Captain?
	AF - It's just us 3 against however many of them, the rain should be comfortable as well.  Remember we have no idea who is behind this kidnapping so prepare for the worst because we will have no support
	TT - So we are expendable to HQ?
	MT - Really, if your VIP is so important, why would your boss just send you jokers?
	AF - Are you saying you aren't good enough for this? I need to find someone else?
	TT - No sir
	AF - You two are under my command, I guarantee that neither of you will be hurt and we will get the VIP out is that clear?
	TT - Sir yes sir
	MT - Yeah
	
RESULT, After being freed Anderson reaches for a knife hidden in the sole of her shoe and runs at Tyrion which he then disarms and throws her over the chair she was tied to, Anderson is rescued and reluctantly taken back after being persuaded by Fetcher
	OUTRO
	TT - He's down
	AF - I don't see anybody else, wheres Maurice?
	TT - Probably checking around, guy doesn't trust anything
	MT - (Carrying a bomb thats blinking without noise)
	TT - Oh fuck!
	AF - Relax, no sound means no timer or remote. You defused it, good work
	MT - Oh I just know when things aren't right, did you guys find the girl?
	TT - The girl?
	MT - Aaron didn't tell you? The VIP is General Anderson's daughter, went missing 3 days after he died
	TT - You fucking knew?
	AF - Yes, and before you go off I didn't say anything
	
2. The squad returns back to a remote Aspiration base where Kelly learns that her dad is dead.  Shortly there after the base is attacked by a group of Singularity Marauders.

RESULT: The Base is rendered unoperable but defended.  Travis Taylor is wounded by a gunshot to the thigh.

3. The team follows a trail leading to a secondary Aspiration stronghold in seek of medical supplies and ammunition.  Amidst the trail, they are attacked by another group of marauders.

RESULT: The Singularity's marauders are all eliminated and they proceed to the secondary Aspiration Stronghold.

4. Upon arriving at the Stronghold they find that the place is crawling with Singularity Wraiths.  They have to clear the fortress of the Wraiths and search through it.

RESULT: The fortress is cleared with no injuries, medical supplies are found for Travis, while searching the warehouse section of the Aspiration base, they discover a mysterious WMD.

5. Anderson tells the squad that since the Singularity was attacking so frequently, they must a a base with more information nearby.  The squad must attack a Singularity fortress and investigate the ruins.

ENDING:  After a long firefight, with bruises and scratches on everyone, the team is victorious.  Upon further investigation of the area, they find another WMD exactly like the one found in the Aspiration secondary base.  After discovering it, an AI quotes 'Scan Complete' and a Mysterious figure(Richard Wulf PRO) decloaks and jumps out through a skylight.  Maurice quick to pull his revolver fires 2 shots that miss the figure entirely.  The figure laughs louder than Maurice says dammit.