The Aspiration - Good
	
	Personal of The Aspiration have sought to protect the remainder of mankind.  They believe that the spirit of human beings is good, and not easily broken.  The Aspiration posseses a wide range of military hardware, but they prefer to use equipment that has been proven on the battlefield.  A true soldier of the aspiration will trust his carbine more than a glowing laser rifle.  They prefer to keep a large army for single defense locations and offensives while using small trained espionage teams in order to reduce the effectiveness of enemy units.  Since this implementation greater soldiers have risen up and more civilian lives have been saved.  On top of the Singularity expansion, the Aspiration also faces a great threat from the Providence as numerous scientists and soldiers have turned up missing, some even in broad daylight.

The Singularity - Bad

	The Singularity was formed by a group of immensely wealthy and powerful individuals.  The original intention of the group was to control crucial resources throughout the globe.  The focus of the faction shifted when it was attacked by the Aspiration.  Now they have waged full on war against any person or group that allies with the Aspiration.  They are known for their ruthlessness and ability to sacrifice anything and everything for the cause.  The common soldier is trained to expect death. They will stop at nothing to ensure they grasp on global influence.

Providence - Blurred
	
	The Providence is well known for their objective clarity.  The improvement of mankind by maintaining the control of our technology.  Providence Tech is usually mysterious and can perform tasks that are still thought to be impossible.  To do this they will stop at nothing to secure valuable assets from other factions.  This includes using advanced encription to steal money and resources as well as trained abducters and assassins to steal mankinds greatest.  Despite being an advanced combat and research focused group, many sources say that there might be some sort of political unrest within.